end up like a high
Oh another team for a second one on
there st. musical nada control pad oh
you know what these servers on this game
tell people when you're using a mob now
only fucking stupid apparent Ron Cey
sounds fucking enhancement bollocks
your fucking arms only all you cheese
always fucking tonight your achieve
praise and modern control podium for you
it tells you on a gaming when you get
killed by some of a mod if there's Maude
enhance right and it's not part of a
fucking game you prick
I've been killed by m14 a lot of times
of this fucking game is never ever said
Mars enhance on the fucking screen you
prick I was a dying stop cheating played
a fucking game fair you fucking wank fee
you
is what you're going to do you're going
to shut the fuck up grow a fucking pubic
hair and get your fucking ass for once
in your fucking little life boy and get
a fucking life comes now fuck off sucky
boyfriends cock